Joshua Kosar is an Undergraduate Robotics Engineering Student in the Ira A. Fulton Schools of Engineering at Arizona State University Polytechnic Campus. He is very active in student organizations and clubs.  He is the president of the Rossum Rumblers Robotics Club as well as Co-Captain of AZLoop: Arizona’s SpaceX Hyperloop Competition Team. He is also active in the Arizona entrepreneurship community.  He is the CEO and Co-Owner of 3dCycler LLC. 
Josh regularly volunteers his time and energy at Pioneer Preparatory Academy, a Title1 Elementary School in MaryVale an underprivileged area of Phoenix, AZ.   The students that he serves have little to no exposure to stem fields, despite their obvious and unwavering passion for the content. 
He has won the UNL New global Venture competition, the Downtown Phoenix “Just Start: Launch Day” competition, earned a spot on the Edson Entrepreneurship Initiative Cohort, the ASU Thomas M. Prescott Entrepreneurship Fellows and the University Innovation Fellowship. Josh is also a BSA Eagle Scout. 
He has led teams to win many hackathons and competitions including MSH, Intel “Code for Good” 2014, Hackster Hardware weekend, Global Game Jam Phoenix 2013 and place in many others such as the TechShop Hardware Cup.  He is the recipient of the “2015 Undergraduate Student Engagement Award” as well as the Ira A. Fulton Schools of Engineering SOAR “Outstanding Community Builder Award”.
Prior to attending ASU, Josh worked as a music teacher and preschool teacher as well as a custom pool and spa designer and technician. He spends some of his free time mentoring other students who are interested in furthering their ventures.  To inspire his fellow colleagues and pay his experiences forwards, he began a new club at ASU called the “Startup Slam Organization” This organization serves to unite entrepreneurs across campus and provide feedback and support as they begin their various endeavors.  
                        Josh is married to Shilo Patchin and they are expecting their first child in early January, 2016.  In his free time, he likes to go mountain biking, run in obstacle course races such as the Spartan Sprint, playing new board games with his friends and designing and building 3d Printers.
                        Josh is very passionate about building and designing systems to make the world a better place, and after graduating, would like to start an engineering firm aimed at producing and implementing technologies to improve the lives of people around the world. 