Lynne Nethken is currently pursuing a Masters of Science in Mechanical Engineering at Arizona State University’s School for Engineering of Matter, Transport, and Energy. Prior to earning her BSE in Engineering, Lynne worked for ten years in the healthcare industry holding various positions in administration and management. From this, she learned important leadership and teaming skills, professionalism for interacting with consumers and clients, finance, and marketing. Upon returning to school, she attended the Polytechnic School at Arizona State University to earn a Bachelor of Science in Engineering with a concentration in Robotics, which allowed her to apply her leadership skills to more challenging projects such as the SpaceX Hyperloop Competition. 

Through the Polytechnic School's hands-on, team-centered, and project-based curriculum, she was exposed to a diverse background of engineering studies to include electrical, mechanical, software, and controls. To highlight just a few of her undergraduate projects, she was the Project Manager for the EcoCAR 3 Competition during its initialization phase, she helped to developed a robotic glove for teaching ASL to the hearing impaired and a machine-vision based sense and response device that allows the visually impaired more safely navigate their environments. For her senior capstone project, she helped Orbital ATK develop a cost-effective flight systems data recorder for space-applications. Lynne graduated Summa Cum Laude with a 3.92 GPA in May of 2016 and received the Outstanding Undergraduate Award for her exemplary academic performance and excellence in research and community outreach to leave a lasting and beneficial impact on the Fulton Schools community as well as Arizona and elsewhere.

Lynne currently serves as the Team Captain and Project Lead for AZLoop, directing an interscholastic and multidisciplinary team of over seventy students from various engineering and business disciplines. She also is a member of the Controls Modeling and Simulation team, of which she is responsible for building a control model for the Pod’s stability mechanisms using Matlab, Simulink, and Stateflow. During Hyperloop’s Competition I, Lynne was the Controls Subteam Lead for the ASU Polytechnic School team, which was responsible for the design and implementation of an active control system for Emergency Mitigation and Stability.

When not in class or leading the AZLoop team, Lynne spends her time traveling to her favorite beaches, enjoying outdoor adventures, and taking her telescope to the nearest dark skies for astrophotography. 